improve text for ruby example (#1749)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/guides/reverification.mdx

  </Tab>

  <Tab>

>     The following example uses the `clerk_user_needs_reverification` helper to check if the user has verified their credentials withing a specific time period. The `moderate` configuration sets the time period to 1 hour. If the user hasn't verified their credentials within 1 hour, the `clerk_render_reverification` utility is used to return a 403 JSON response that the client reads to initiate the reverification flow. Once the user completes the reverification, they can access the `foo` action, which returns a success response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following example uses the `clerk_user_needs_reverification` helper to check if the user has verified their credentials within a specific time period. The `moderate` configuration sets the time period to 1 hour. If the user hasn't verified their credentials within 1 hour, the `clerk_render_reverification` utility is used to return a `403 forbidden` error that the client reads to initiate the reverification flow. Once the user completes the reverification on the client-side, they can access the `foo` action, which returns a success response.
```
